# Reactive

_This package is a POC, Don't use in production._
Reactive is a set of methods to help creating reusable components that can be stringified (maybe stored in database), then restored in the runtime and used as React Component.

### Usage

Creating component using the `saveComponent` method, which will produce a stringified object that can be sent via RESTful APIs or stored in Databases or even localStorage

    var MyComponent = Reactive.saveComponent({
        displayName: "MyComponent",
        render: function () {
            return React.createElement(
                "div",
                null,
                "Hello World"
            );
        }
    })

Use the `ReusableComponent` and pass the stringified component generated by `Reactive.saveComponent` method, the component will parse this component, and convert it into a React Component.

    <ReusableComponent component={MyComponent} />

### Version

1.0.0

### Installation

Coming soon

### Development

Want to contribute? Great!
This POC will never be a real usable package without your help
You can help with the list in the 'Todos' section

### Todos

- Add webpack configurations so `saveComponent` can be used as wrapper to ES6 Class components.
- Find a better naming to the methos more than `saveComponent, loadComponent` since it just convert the code, not saving it anywhere.
- Create a working example, not just showing how to use.


### Ideas

- Create `ReduxReusableComponent` that pass the actions and the store, maybe some util functions from your app.
- When using the `ReduxReusableComponent` you can provide the specific reducers of the store, and the `componentShouldRender` handle it to re-render only when needed to optimize performance.
- Add to NPM to be easier to use.

### License

MIT


**Free Software, Hell Yeah!**
**Created with ♥**